0. Housekeeping Stuff
---------------------

First of all, I read two csv files ("dictionary.csv" and "winter.csv")
and then combine them together. I have also done some data cleaning
work. The codes are as such:

    #Load packages
    library(ggplot2)
    library(dplyr)

    #Read tables
    w<-read.csv("winter.csv")
    d<-read.csv("dictionary.csv")

    #Merge datraframes
    final<-merge(w,d,by.x="Country",by.y="Code")
    final<-final[,-1]
    final<-final%>%arrange(Year)
    final<-final%>%group_by(Sport,Discipline)

All the work in this assignment are based on this `final` dataframe (of
course, there will be some meticulous modifications with regard to this
dataframe when doing each task), which is the ultimate output of the
codes above.

1. Medals Counts over Time
--------------------------

In the first task, I only put emphasis on the top 10 countries that have
participated in the Winter Olympic Games most frequently. To get my
subjects, the following codes are run:

    year_country<-unique(final[c("Year","Country")])
    year_country<-year_country%>%group_by(Country)

The top 10 countries that have participated in the Games most frequently
are Austria (22 times), Canada (22 times), Finland (22 times), Norway
(22 times), Sweden (22 times), United States (22 times), France (21
times), Italy (18 times), Netherlands (15 times), and Japan (12 times).

To draw the plot of over time comparison, a new data frame called
`TotalMedals` is generted (see codes below). Note that the `data` call
in the `ggplot` function takes this `TotalMedals` data frame.

    #Top 10's medals
    top10<-final%>%filter(Country%in%c("Austria","Canada","Finland","Norway","Sweden","United States",
                                 "France","Italy","Netherlands","Japan"))
    TotalMedals<-top10%>%group_by(Year,Country)%>%summarise(count=n())

The over time comparison plot is shown below.

![](1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-4-1.png)

Next, turn to the total medal count. To draw this figure, a new data
frame called `TotalMedals2` is generated (see codes below). Similarly as
above, the `data` call in the `ggplot` function takes the `TotalMedals2`
data frame.

    TotalMedals2<-aggregate(count~Country,data=TotalMedals,sum)

The total medal count plot is presented below.

![](1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-6-1.png)

At first glance, I would recommend the figure of total medal count to
the editor, given that it is not as complex as the over time comparison
plot, which contains too many lines. Nevertheless, since the `plotly`
package can make the latter interactive and much easier to read (by
moving mouse to a certain point, the reader can see the detailed data),
I would suggest using the over time comparison plot, but only after the
`plotly` package is introduced.

2. Medal Counts Adjusted by Population, GDP
-------------------------------------------

To gauge a country's success, I simply consider the number of gold
medals won.

The plot is built upon the data frame called `goldonlycount`. See the
chunk below for the coding of `goldonlycount`.

    goldonly<-final%>%filter(Medal=="Gold")%>%group_by(Year,Country)%>%summarise(count=n())
    goldonlycount<-aggregate(count~Country,data=goldonly,sum)
    goldonlycount<-goldonlycount%>%arrange(desc(count))
    goldonlycount<-goldonlycount[c(1:10),]

    #Generate new variable (top 10 dummy)
    goldonlycount=within(goldonlycount,{
      Top10=ifelse(Country%in%c("Austria","Canada","Finland","Norway","Sweden","United States",
                                "France","Italy","Netherlands","Japan"), "Top10", "Not Top10")})

The "raw" ranking of the countries' success is plotted below.

![](1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-8-1.png)

Note that "Not Top 10" means the country is not one of the top 10
countries that have competed in the Winter Olympic Games most frequently
(for the list of top 10 countries, please refer to the paragraph under
the first chunk in the first task). Intuitively, "Top 10" means the
country is one of them. We can see that Canada outshines all its
counterparts significantly in terms of the number of total gold medals
won throughout the history.

Furthermore, I adjusted the raw ranking through dividing `count` by
natural logged *GDP per capita* and *population* so that the number
would not be extremely large.

![](1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-10-1.png)

Basically, the results did not change too much. Fluctuations in rankings
can only be observed between the United States and Norway as well as
Germany and Sweden. The reason is the variation in two newly introduced
variables (*GDP per capita* and *population*) is not too large,
especially *GDP per capita*. This explains the interesting phenomenon
that the **lnGDPpc adjusted ranking** and the **raw ranking** are
exactly the same.

3. Host Country Advantage
-------------------------

The data frame preparation process for this task is much more tedious.
The chunk below tracks how it goes. I merge the `hosts` data frame
provided by Professor with the original `final` data frame. I have also
generated a new dummy variable called *Host* to indicate whether the
"host country advantage" occurs in such year. This is a critical step
for later coloring the bar as a way to indicate if the country is the
host in that year.

    #These codes are provided by Professor
    library(rvest)
    library(stringr)
    wiki_hosts<-read_html("https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_Olympic_Games")
    hosts<-html_table(html_nodes(wiki_hosts,"table")[[5]],fill=TRUE)
    hosts<-hosts[-1,1:3]
    hosts$city<-str_split_fixed(hosts$Host,n=2,",")[,1]
    hosts$country<-str_split_fixed(hosts$Host,n=2,",")[,2]

    #Cleaning hosts dataframe
    hosts$city[hosts$city=="Garmisch-Partenkirchen"]<-"Garmisch Partenkirchen"
    colnames(hosts)[5]<-"hostcountry"
    hosts<-hosts[-c(5:6,26:27),-c(1:3)]
    trim<-function(x)gsub("^\\s+|\\s+$","",x) #hostcountry column has whitespaces. Have to trim them
    hosts$hostcountry<-trim(hosts$hostcountry)

    #Merge with original dataframe
    final2<-merge(final,hosts,by.x="City",by.y="city")
    final2<-final2%>%arrange(Year)

    #Create variable "Host"
    final2$Country<-as.character(final2$Country) #Country variable in final2 is a factor instead of character
    final2$Host=ifelse(final2$Country==final2$hostcountry,"Host","Not a Host")

    #Create a new data frame 
    hostonly<-final2%>%filter(Country%in%c("France","Switzerland","United States","Germany","Norway",
                                          "Italy","Austria","Japan","Yugoslavia","Canada","Russia"))
    hostonly2<-hostonly%>%group_by(Year,Country,Host)%>%summarise(count=n())

The visualization of host country advantage is put below.

![](1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-12-1.png)

Keep in mind that the red color denotes the country is the host country
in that specific year. Generally, we cannot sufficiently conclude the
host country advantage prevails. Russia obviously has the advantage in
the 2014 game, while the United States also enjoys it in 1932 and 1980.
Strikingly, Switzerland does not have any advantages. In 1928 and 1948,
it has not won any medals.

4. Country Success by Sport / Discipline / Event
------------------------------------------------

In this task, I look at success in the discipline of speed skating at
the country level. Five countries I picked used for comparison are
Netherlands, Norway, United States, Canada and Germany. They are five
most "successful" countries in that they have won most medals in this
discipline throughout the history.

The line plot is put below. The most interesting pattern is undoubtedly
the sudden jump of the number of medals won by Netherlands in 2014 Sochi
Winter Olympic Games.

![](1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-13-1.png)

5. Most Successful Athletes
---------------------------

In this task, I look at the name list of athletes who have won most
medals across all 22 Games.

![](1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-14-1.png)

The player's nationalities are marked by different colors in the above
bar plot. Generally, Germany and Norway are winners. Specifically, the
most and the second successful athletes, Bjoerndalen and Daehile, are
both Norwegians.

6. Make Two Plots Interactive
-----------------------------

I applied interactivity to the figure of over time comparison of number
of medals won by 10 countries (first figure in task 1) and the figure of
over time comparison of medals won by 5 ountries in speed skating
(figure in task 4). The reason is they contain too many lines, making
graphs look complex. After the interactive widgets are added, the
readabilty of two figures are strengthened.

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="27783f9a5c7c">{"x":{"data":[{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[4,6,2,5,8,8,12,6,17,15,5,7,8,1,12,29,12,20,20,30,26,27],"text":["Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count:  4","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count:  6","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count:  2","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count:  5","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count:  8","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count:  8","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count: 12","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  6","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count: 17","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count: 15","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  5","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  7","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  8","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  1","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count: 12","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 29","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 12","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 20","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 20","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 30","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 26","Country: Austria<br />Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 27"],"type":"scatter","mode":"lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(248,118,109,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Austria","legendgroup":"Austria","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[9,12,20,13,20,17,20,21,7,20,1,3,2,4,6,37,40,49,75,68,91,90],"text":["Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count:  9","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count: 12","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count: 20","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count: 13","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count: 20","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count: 17","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count: 20","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count: 21","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count:  7","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count: 20","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  1","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  3","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  2","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  4","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  6","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 37","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 40","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 49","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 75","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 68","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 91","Country: Canada<br />Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 90"],"type":"scatter","mode":"lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(216,144,0,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Canada","legendgroup":"Canada","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[15,4,3,9,9,12,12,13,15,8,10,16,12,19,34,13,31,59,13,43,50,34],"text":["Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count: 15","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count:  4","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count:  3","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count:  9","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count:  9","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count: 12","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count: 12","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count: 13","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count: 15","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count:  8","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count: 10","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count: 16","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count: 12","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count: 19","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count: 34","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 13","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 31","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 59","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 13","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 43","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 50","Country: Finland<br />Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 34"],"type":"scatter","mode":"lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(163,165,0,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Finland","legendgroup":"Finland","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[12,2,2,1,5,1,3,7,9,3,1,1,3,2,12,11,15,15,15,14,18],"text":["Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count: 12","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count:  2","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count:  2","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count:  1","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count:  5","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count:  1","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  3","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count:  7","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count:  9","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  3","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  1","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  1","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  3","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  2","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 12","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 11","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 15","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 15","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 15","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 14","Country: France<br />Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 18"],"type":"scatter","mode":"lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(57,182,0,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"France","legendgroup":"France","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[1,2,8,1,10,8,9,4,3,2,8,21,33,17,21,25,5,14],"text":["Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count:  1","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count:  2","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count:  8","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  1","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count: 10","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count:  8","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  9","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  4","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  3","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  2","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  8","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 21","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 33","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 17","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 21","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 25","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count:  5","Country: Italy<br />Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 14"],"type":"scatter","mode":"lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(0,191,125,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Italy","legendgroup":"Italy","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1956,1972,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[1,3,1,1,1,12,10,13,2,1,7,11],"text":["Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count:  1","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  3","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  1","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  1","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  1","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 12","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 10","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 13","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count:  2","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count:  1","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count:  7","Country: Japan<br />Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 11"],"type":"scatter","mode":"lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(0,191,196,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Japan","legendgroup":"Japan","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1952,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[3,2,2,9,9,6,4,7,4,4,11,8,13,11,29],"text":["Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count:  3","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  2","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count:  2","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count:  9","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  9","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  6","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  4","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  7","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count:  4","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count:  4","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 11","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count:  8","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 13","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 11","Country: Netherlands<br />Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 29"],"type":"scatter","mode":"lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(0,176,246,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Netherlands","legendgroup":"Netherlands","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[17,15,10,18,13,19,4,9,15,22,17,10,16,15,11,28,34,44,41,23,40,36],"text":["Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count: 17","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count: 15","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count: 10","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count: 18","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count: 13","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count: 19","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count:  4","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  9","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count: 15","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count: 22","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count: 17","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count: 10","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count: 16","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count: 15","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count: 11","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 28","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 34","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 44","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 41","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 23","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 40","Country: Norway<br />Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 36"],"type":"scatter","mode":"lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(149,144,255,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Norway","legendgroup":"Norway","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[9,16,3,10,13,23,15,9,28,16,4,2,22,30,30,7,24,7,26,65,19,55],"text":["Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count:  9","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count: 16","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count:  3","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count: 10","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count: 13","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count: 23","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count: 15","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  9","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count: 28","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count: 16","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  4","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  2","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count: 22","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count: 30","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count: 30","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count:  7","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 24","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count:  7","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 26","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 65","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 19","Country: Sweden<br />Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 55"],"type":"scatter","mode":"lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(231,107,243,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Sweden","legendgroup":"Sweden","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[13,14,45,16,16,30,26,27,8,7,25,11,30,9,7,14,21,34,84,53,98,65],"text":["Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count: 13","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count: 14","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count: 45","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count: 16","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count: 16","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count: 30","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count: 26","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count: 27","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count:  8","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count:  7","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count: 25","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count: 11","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count: 30","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  9","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  7","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 14","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 21","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 34","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 84","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 53","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 98","Country: United States<br />Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 65"],"type":"scatter","mode":"lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(255,98,188,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"United States","legendgroup":"United States","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[4,6,2,5,8,8,12,6,17,15,5,7,8,1,12,29,12,20,20,30,26,27],"text":["Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count:  4","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count:  6","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count:  2","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count:  5","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count:  8","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count:  8","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count: 12","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  6","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count: 17","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count: 15","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  5","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  7","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  8","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  1","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count: 12","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 29","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 12","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 20","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 20","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 30","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 26","Country: Austria<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 27"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(248,118,109,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(248,118,109,1)"}},"hoveron":"points","name":"Austria","legendgroup":"Austria","showlegend":false,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[9,12,20,13,20,17,20,21,7,20,1,3,2,4,6,37,40,49,75,68,91,90],"text":["Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count:  9","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count: 12","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count: 20","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count: 13","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count: 20","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count: 17","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count: 20","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count: 21","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count:  7","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count: 20","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  1","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  3","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  2","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  4","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  6","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 37","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 40","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 49","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 75","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 68","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 91","Country: Canada<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 90"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(216,144,0,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(216,144,0,1)"}},"hoveron":"points","name":"Canada","legendgroup":"Canada","showlegend":false,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[15,4,3,9,9,12,12,13,15,8,10,16,12,19,34,13,31,59,13,43,50,34],"text":["Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count: 15","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count:  4","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count:  3","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count:  9","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count:  9","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count: 12","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count: 12","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count: 13","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count: 15","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count:  8","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count: 10","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count: 16","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count: 12","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count: 19","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count: 34","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 13","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 31","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 59","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 13","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 43","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 50","Country: Finland<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 34"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(163,165,0,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(163,165,0,1)"}},"hoveron":"points","name":"Finland","legendgroup":"Finland","showlegend":false,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[12,2,2,1,5,1,3,7,9,3,1,1,3,2,12,11,15,15,15,14,18],"text":["Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count: 12","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count:  2","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count:  2","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count:  1","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count:  5","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count:  1","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  3","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count:  7","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count:  9","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  3","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  1","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  1","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  3","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  2","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 12","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 11","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 15","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 15","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 15","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 14","Country: France<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 18"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(57,182,0,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(57,182,0,1)"}},"hoveron":"points","name":"France","legendgroup":"France","showlegend":false,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[1,2,8,1,10,8,9,4,3,2,8,21,33,17,21,25,5,14],"text":["Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count:  1","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count:  2","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count:  8","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  1","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count: 10","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count:  8","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  9","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  4","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  3","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  2","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  8","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 21","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 33","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 17","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 21","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 25","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count:  5","Country: Italy<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 14"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(0,191,125,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(0,191,125,1)"}},"hoveron":"points","name":"Italy","legendgroup":"Italy","showlegend":false,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1956,1972,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[1,3,1,1,1,12,10,13,2,1,7,11],"text":["Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count:  1","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  3","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  1","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  1","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  1","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 12","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 10","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 13","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count:  2","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count:  1","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count:  7","Country: Japan<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 11"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(0,191,196,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(0,191,196,1)"}},"hoveron":"points","name":"Japan","legendgroup":"Japan","showlegend":false,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1952,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[3,2,2,9,9,6,4,7,4,4,11,8,13,11,29],"text":["Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count:  3","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  2","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count:  2","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count:  9","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  9","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  6","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count:  4","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  7","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count:  4","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count:  4","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 11","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count:  8","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 13","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 11","Country: Netherlands<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 29"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(0,176,246,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(0,176,246,1)"}},"hoveron":"points","name":"Netherlands","legendgroup":"Netherlands","showlegend":false,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[17,15,10,18,13,19,4,9,15,22,17,10,16,15,11,28,34,44,41,23,40,36],"text":["Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count: 17","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count: 15","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count: 10","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count: 18","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count: 13","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count: 19","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count:  4","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  9","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count: 15","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count: 22","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count: 17","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count: 10","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count: 16","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count: 15","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count: 11","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 28","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 34","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 44","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 41","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 23","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 40","Country: Norway<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 36"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(149,144,255,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(149,144,255,1)"}},"hoveron":"points","name":"Norway","legendgroup":"Norway","showlegend":false,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[9,16,3,10,13,23,15,9,28,16,4,2,22,30,30,7,24,7,26,65,19,55],"text":["Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count:  9","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count: 16","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count:  3","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count: 10","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count: 13","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count: 23","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count: 15","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count:  9","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count: 28","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count: 16","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count:  4","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count:  2","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count: 22","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count: 30","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count: 30","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count:  7","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 24","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count:  7","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 26","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 65","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 19","Country: Sweden<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 55"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(231,107,243,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(231,107,243,1)"}},"hoveron":"points","name":"Sweden","legendgroup":"Sweden","showlegend":false,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[13,14,45,16,16,30,26,27,8,7,25,11,30,9,7,14,21,34,84,53,98,65],"text":["Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1924<br />count: 13","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1928<br />count: 14","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1932<br />count: 45","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1936<br />count: 16","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1948<br />count: 16","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1952<br />count: 30","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1956<br />count: 26","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1960<br />count: 27","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1964<br />count:  8","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1968<br />count:  7","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1972<br />count: 25","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1976<br />count: 11","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1980<br />count: 30","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1984<br />count:  9","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1988<br />count:  7","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1992<br />count: 14","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1994<br />count: 21","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 1998<br />count: 34","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 2002<br />count: 84","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 2006<br />count: 53","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 2010<br />count: 98","Country: United States<br />as.numeric(Year): 2014<br />count: 65"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(255,98,188,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(255,98,188,1)"}},"hoveron":"points","name":"United States","legendgroup":"United States","showlegend":false,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","frame":null}],"layout":{"margin":{"t":43.7625570776256,"r":7.30593607305936,"b":40.1826484018265,"l":43.1050228310502},"plot_bgcolor":"rgba(255,255,255,1)","paper_bgcolor":"rgba(255,255,255,1)","font":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":14.6118721461187},"title":"Over Time Comparison of Number of Medals Won by 10 Counties","titlefont":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":17.5342465753425},"xaxis":{"domain":[0,1],"type":"linear","autorange":false,"tickmode":"array","range":[1919.5,2018.5],"ticktext":["1924","1932","1940","1948","1956","1964","1972","1980","1988","1996","2004","2012"],"tickvals":[1924,1932,1940,1948,1956,1964,1972,1980,1988,1996,2004,2012],"ticks":"outside","tickcolor":"rgba(51,51,51,1)","ticklen":3.65296803652968,"tickwidth":0.66417600664176,"showticklabels":true,"tickfont":{"color":"rgba(77,77,77,1)","family":"","size":11.689497716895},"tickangle":-0,"showline":true,"linecolor":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","linewidth":0.66417600664176,"showgrid":false,"gridcolor":null,"gridwidth":0,"zeroline":false,"anchor":"y","title":"Year","titlefont":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":14.6118721461187},"hoverformat":".2f"},"yaxis":{"domain":[0,1],"type":"linear","autorange":false,"tickmode":"array","range":[-3.85,102.85],"ticktext":["0","20","40","60","80","100"],"tickvals":[0,20,40,60,80,100],"ticks":"outside","tickcolor":"rgba(51,51,51,1)","ticklen":3.65296803652968,"tickwidth":0.66417600664176,"showticklabels":true,"tickfont":{"color":"rgba(77,77,77,1)","family":"","size":11.689497716895},"tickangle":-0,"showline":true,"linecolor":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","linewidth":0.66417600664176,"showgrid":false,"gridcolor":null,"gridwidth":0,"zeroline":false,"anchor":"x","title":"Number of Medals Won","titlefont":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":14.6118721461187},"hoverformat":".2f"},"shapes":[{"type":"rect","fillcolor":null,"line":{"color":null,"width":0,"linetype":[]},"yref":"paper","xref":"paper","x0":0,"x1":1,"y0":0,"y1":1}],"showlegend":true,"legend":{"bgcolor":"rgba(255,255,255,1)","bordercolor":"transparent","borderwidth":1.88976377952756,"font":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":11.689497716895},"y":0.913385826771654},"annotations":[{"text":"Country","x":1.02,"y":1,"showarrow":false,"ax":0,"ay":0,"font":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":14.6118721461187},"xref":"paper","yref":"paper","textangle":-0,"xanchor":"left","yanchor":"bottom","legendTitle":true}],"hovermode":"closest"},"source":"A","attrs":{"27786693583b":{"colour":{},"x":{},"y":{},"type":"ggplotly"},"2778461d78f0":{"colour":{},"x":{},"y":{}}},"cur_data":"27786693583b","visdat":{"27786693583b":["function (y) ","x"],"2778461d78f0":["function (y) ","x"]},"config":{"modeBarButtonsToAdd":[{"name":"Collaborate","icon":{"width":1000,"ascent":500,"descent":-50,"path":"M487 375c7-10 9-23 5-36l-79-259c-3-12-11-23-22-31-11-8-22-12-35-12l-263 0c-15 0-29 5-43 15-13 10-23 23-28 37-5 13-5 25-1 37 0 0 0 3 1 7 1 5 1 8 1 11 0 2 0 4-1 6 0 3-1 5-1 6 1 2 2 4 3 6 1 2 2 4 4 6 2 3 4 5 5 7 5 7 9 16 13 26 4 10 7 19 9 26 0 2 0 5 0 9-1 4-1 6 0 8 0 2 2 5 4 8 3 3 5 5 5 7 4 6 8 15 12 26 4 11 7 19 7 26 1 1 0 4 0 9-1 4-1 7 0 8 1 2 3 5 6 8 4 4 6 6 6 7 4 5 8 13 13 24 4 11 7 20 7 28 1 1 0 4 0 7-1 3-1 6-1 7 0 2 1 4 3 6 1 1 3 4 5 6 2 3 3 5 5 6 1 2 3 5 4 9 2 3 3 7 5 10 1 3 2 6 4 10 2 4 4 7 6 9 2 3 4 5 7 7 3 2 7 3 11 3 3 0 8 0 13-1l0-1c7 2 12 2 14 2l218 0c14 0 25-5 32-16 8-10 10-23 6-37l-79-259c-7-22-13-37-20-43-7-7-19-10-37-10l-248 0c-5 0-9-2-11-5-2-3-2-7 0-12 4-13 18-20 41-20l264 0c5 0 10 2 16 5 5 3 8 6 10 11l85 282c2 5 2 10 2 17 7-3 13-7 17-13z m-304 0c-1-3-1-5 0-7 1-1 3-2 6-2l174 0c2 0 4 1 7 2 2 2 4 4 5 7l6 18c0 3 0 5-1 7-1 1-3 2-6 2l-173 0c-3 0-5-1-8-2-2-2-4-4-4-7z m-24-73c-1-3-1-5 0-7 2-2 3-2 6-2l174 0c2 0 5 0 7 2 3 2 4 4 5 7l6 18c1 2 0 5-1 6-1 2-3 3-5 3l-174 0c-3 0-5-1-7-3-3-1-4-4-5-6z"},"click":"function(gd) { \n        // is this being viewed in RStudio?\n        if (location.search == '?viewer_pane=1') {\n          alert('To learn about plotly for collaboration, visit:\\n https://cpsievert.github.io/plotly_book/plot-ly-for-collaboration.html');\n        } else {\n          window.open('https://cpsievert.github.io/plotly_book/plot-ly-for-collaboration.html', '_blank');\n        }\n      }"}],"cloud":false},"highlight":{"on":"plotly_click","persistent":false,"dynamic":false,"selectize":false,"opacityDim":0.2,"selected":{"opacity":1}},"base_url":"https://plot.ly"},"evals":["config.modeBarButtonsToAdd.0.click"],"jsHooks":{"render":[{"code":"function(el, x) { var ctConfig = crosstalk.var('plotlyCrosstalkOpts').set({\"on\":\"plotly_click\",\"persistent\":false,\"dynamic\":false,\"selectize\":false,\"opacityDim\":0.2,\"selected\":{\"opacity\":1}}); }","data":null}]}}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="27787e927118">{"x":{"data":[{"x":[1932,1952,1976,1980,1984,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[5,1,1,1,3,1,5,3,16,7,2],"text":["Country: Canada<br />Year: 1932<br />count:  5","Country: Canada<br />Year: 1952<br />count:  1","Country: Canada<br />Year: 1976<br />count:  1","Country: Canada<br />Year: 1980<br />count:  1","Country: Canada<br />Year: 1984<br />count:  3","Country: Canada<br />Year: 1994<br />count:  1","Country: Canada<br />Year: 1998<br />count:  5","Country: Canada<br />Year: 2002<br />count:  3","Country: Canada<br />Year: 2006<br />count: 16","Country: Canada<br />Year: 2010<br />count:  7","Country: Canada<br />Year: 2014<br />count:  2"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers+lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(248,118,109,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Canada","legendgroup":"Canada","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(248,118,109,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(248,118,109,1)"}},"frame":null},{"x":[1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010],"y":[11,6,6,8,7,7],"text":["Country: Germany<br />Year: 1992<br />count: 11","Country: Germany<br />Year: 1994<br />count:  6","Country: Germany<br />Year: 1998<br />count:  6","Country: Germany<br />Year: 2002<br />count:  8","Country: Germany<br />Year: 2006<br />count:  7","Country: Germany<br />Year: 2010<br />count:  7"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers+lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(163,165,0,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Germany","legendgroup":"Germany","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(163,165,0,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(163,165,0,1)"}},"frame":null},{"x":[1952,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010,2014],"y":[3,1,1,9,9,5,4,7,4,4,11,8,13,10,28],"text":["Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1952<br />count:  3","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1960<br />count:  1","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1964<br />count:  1","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1968<br />count:  9","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1972<br />count:  9","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1976<br />count:  5","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1980<br />count:  4","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1988<br />count:  7","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1992<br />count:  4","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1994<br />count:  4","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 1998<br />count: 11","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 2002<br />count:  8","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 2006<br />count: 13","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 2010<br />count: 10","Country: Netherlands<br />Year: 2014<br />count: 28"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers+lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(0,191,125,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Netherlands","legendgroup":"Netherlands","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(0,191,125,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(0,191,125,1)"}},"frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1956,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1984,1992,1994,1998,2002,2010],"y":[7,6,2,6,6,6,2,3,7,4,4,5,7,1,5,5,1,2,1],"text":["Country: Norway<br />Year: 1924<br />count:  7","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1928<br />count:  6","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1932<br />count:  2","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1936<br />count:  6","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1948<br />count:  6","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1952<br />count:  6","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1956<br />count:  2","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1960<br />count:  3","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1964<br />count:  7","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1968<br />count:  4","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1972<br />count:  4","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1976<br />count:  5","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1980<br />count:  7","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1984<br />count:  1","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1992<br />count:  5","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1994<br />count:  5","Country: Norway<br />Year: 1998<br />count:  1","Country: Norway<br />Year: 2002<br />count:  2","Country: Norway<br />Year: 2010<br />count:  1"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers+lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(0,176,246,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"Norway","legendgroup":"Norway","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(0,176,246,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(0,176,246,1)"}},"frame":null},{"x":[1924,1928,1932,1936,1948,1952,1960,1964,1968,1972,1976,1980,1988,1992,1994,1998,2002,2006,2010],"y":[1,1,5,1,2,2,2,1,5,4,6,8,3,2,3,2,8,7,7],"text":["Country: United States<br />Year: 1924<br />count:  1","Country: United States<br />Year: 1928<br />count:  1","Country: United States<br />Year: 1932<br />count:  5","Country: United States<br />Year: 1936<br />count:  1","Country: United States<br />Year: 1948<br />count:  2","Country: United States<br />Year: 1952<br />count:  2","Country: United States<br />Year: 1960<br />count:  2","Country: United States<br />Year: 1964<br />count:  1","Country: United States<br />Year: 1968<br />count:  5","Country: United States<br />Year: 1972<br />count:  4","Country: United States<br />Year: 1976<br />count:  6","Country: United States<br />Year: 1980<br />count:  8","Country: United States<br />Year: 1988<br />count:  3","Country: United States<br />Year: 1992<br />count:  2","Country: United States<br />Year: 1994<br />count:  3","Country: United States<br />Year: 1998<br />count:  2","Country: United States<br />Year: 2002<br />count:  8","Country: United States<br />Year: 2006<br />count:  7","Country: United States<br />Year: 2010<br />count:  7"],"type":"scatter","mode":"markers+lines","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(231,107,243,1)","dash":"solid"},"hoveron":"points","name":"United States","legendgroup":"United States","showlegend":true,"xaxis":"x","yaxis":"y","hoverinfo":"text","marker":{"autocolorscale":false,"color":"rgba(231,107,243,1)","opacity":1,"size":5.66929133858268,"symbol":"circle","line":{"width":1.88976377952756,"color":"rgba(231,107,243,1)"}},"frame":null}],"layout":{"margin":{"t":43.7625570776256,"r":7.30593607305936,"b":40.1826484018265,"l":37.2602739726027},"plot_bgcolor":"rgba(255,255,255,1)","paper_bgcolor":"rgba(255,255,255,1)","font":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":14.6118721461187},"title":"Over Time Comparison of Medals Won by 5 Counties in Speed Skating","titlefont":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":17.5342465753425},"xaxis":{"domain":[0,1],"type":"linear","autorange":false,"tickmode":"array","range":[1919.5,2018.5],"ticktext":["1924","1932","1940","1948","1956","1964","1972","1980","1988","1996","2004","2012"],"tickvals":[1924,1932,1940,1948,1956,1964,1972,1980,1988,1996,2004,2012],"ticks":"outside","tickcolor":"rgba(51,51,51,1)","ticklen":3.65296803652968,"tickwidth":0.66417600664176,"showticklabels":true,"tickfont":{"color":"rgba(77,77,77,1)","family":"","size":11.689497716895},"tickangle":-0,"showline":true,"linecolor":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","linewidth":0.66417600664176,"showgrid":false,"gridcolor":null,"gridwidth":0,"zeroline":false,"anchor":"y","title":"Year","titlefont":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":14.6118721461187},"hoverformat":".2f"},"yaxis":{"domain":[0,1],"type":"linear","autorange":false,"tickmode":"array","range":[-0.35,29.35],"ticktext":["0","5","10","15","20","25"],"tickvals":[0,5,10,15,20,25],"ticks":"outside","tickcolor":"rgba(51,51,51,1)","ticklen":3.65296803652968,"tickwidth":0.66417600664176,"showticklabels":true,"tickfont":{"color":"rgba(77,77,77,1)","family":"","size":11.689497716895},"tickangle":-0,"showline":true,"linecolor":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","linewidth":0.66417600664176,"showgrid":false,"gridcolor":null,"gridwidth":0,"zeroline":false,"anchor":"x","title":"Numer of Medals Won","titlefont":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":14.6118721461187},"hoverformat":".2f"},"shapes":[{"type":"rect","fillcolor":null,"line":{"color":null,"width":0,"linetype":[]},"yref":"paper","xref":"paper","x0":0,"x1":1,"y0":0,"y1":1}],"showlegend":true,"legend":{"bgcolor":"rgba(255,255,255,1)","bordercolor":"transparent","borderwidth":1.88976377952756,"font":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":11.689497716895},"y":0.913385826771654},"annotations":[{"text":"Country","x":1.02,"y":1,"showarrow":false,"ax":0,"ay":0,"font":{"color":"rgba(0,0,0,1)","family":"","size":14.6118721461187},"xref":"paper","yref":"paper","textangle":-0,"xanchor":"left","yanchor":"bottom","legendTitle":true}],"hovermode":"closest"},"source":"A","attrs":{"27786db5207e":{"colour":{},"x":{},"y":{},"type":"ggplotly"},"277867b678ce":{"colour":{},"x":{},"y":{}}},"cur_data":"27786db5207e","visdat":{"27786db5207e":["function (y) ","x"],"277867b678ce":["function (y) ","x"]},"config":{"modeBarButtonsToAdd":[{"name":"Collaborate","icon":{"width":1000,"ascent":500,"descent":-50,"path":"M487 375c7-10 9-23 5-36l-79-259c-3-12-11-23-22-31-11-8-22-12-35-12l-263 0c-15 0-29 5-43 15-13 10-23 23-28 37-5 13-5 25-1 37 0 0 0 3 1 7 1 5 1 8 1 11 0 2 0 4-1 6 0 3-1 5-1 6 1 2 2 4 3 6 1 2 2 4 4 6 2 3 4 5 5 7 5 7 9 16 13 26 4 10 7 19 9 26 0 2 0 5 0 9-1 4-1 6 0 8 0 2 2 5 4 8 3 3 5 5 5 7 4 6 8 15 12 26 4 11 7 19 7 26 1 1 0 4 0 9-1 4-1 7 0 8 1 2 3 5 6 8 4 4 6 6 6 7 4 5 8 13 13 24 4 11 7 20 7 28 1 1 0 4 0 7-1 3-1 6-1 7 0 2 1 4 3 6 1 1 3 4 5 6 2 3 3 5 5 6 1 2 3 5 4 9 2 3 3 7 5 10 1 3 2 6 4 10 2 4 4 7 6 9 2 3 4 5 7 7 3 2 7 3 11 3 3 0 8 0 13-1l0-1c7 2 12 2 14 2l218 0c14 0 25-5 32-16 8-10 10-23 6-37l-79-259c-7-22-13-37-20-43-7-7-19-10-37-10l-248 0c-5 0-9-2-11-5-2-3-2-7 0-12 4-13 18-20 41-20l264 0c5 0 10 2 16 5 5 3 8 6 10 11l85 282c2 5 2 10 2 17 7-3 13-7 17-13z m-304 0c-1-3-1-5 0-7 1-1 3-2 6-2l174 0c2 0 4 1 7 2 2 2 4 4 5 7l6 18c0 3 0 5-1 7-1 1-3 2-6 2l-173 0c-3 0-5-1-8-2-2-2-4-4-4-7z m-24-73c-1-3-1-5 0-7 2-2 3-2 6-2l174 0c2 0 5 0 7 2 3 2 4 4 5 7l6 18c1 2 0 5-1 6-1 2-3 3-5 3l-174 0c-3 0-5-1-7-3-3-1-4-4-5-6z"},"click":"function(gd) { \n        // is this being viewed in RStudio?\n        if (location.search == '?viewer_pane=1') {\n          alert('To learn about plotly for collaboration, visit:\\n https://cpsievert.github.io/plotly_book/plot-ly-for-collaboration.html');\n        } else {\n          window.open('https://cpsievert.github.io/plotly_book/plot-ly-for-collaboration.html', '_blank');\n        }\n      }"}],"cloud":false},"highlight":{"on":"plotly_click","persistent":false,"dynamic":false,"selectize":false,"opacityDim":0.2,"selected":{"opacity":1}},"base_url":"https://plot.ly"},"evals":["config.modeBarButtonsToAdd.0.click"],"jsHooks":{"render":[{"code":"function(el, x) { var ctConfig = crosstalk.var('plotlyCrosstalkOpts').set({\"on\":\"plotly_click\",\"persistent\":false,\"dynamic\":false,\"selectize\":false,\"opacityDim\":0.2,\"selected\":{\"opacity\":1}}); }","data":null}]}}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
7. Data Table
-------------

The data frame used for generating the data table is the one on speed
skating, which also is used in task 4. Of course, I have revised a
little bit.

In this data table, readers can filter for information they find
meaningful or interesting with respect to the athlete's records of medal
winning in speed skating.

    library(DT)
    speadskating<-ss[,-c(3:4,10:11)]
    colnames(speadskating)[7]<-"Nationality"
    dt<-speadskating%>%datatable(rownames = FALSE,
                             filter = list(position = "top"),
                             options = list(language = list(sSearch = "Filter:")))
    dt

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-46a99e10ecbc22648f8b">{"x":{"filter":"top","filterHTML":"<tr>\n  <td data-type=\"integer\" style=\"vertical-align: top;\">\n    <div class=\"form-group has-feedback\" style=\"margin-bottom: auto;\">\n      <input type=\"search\" placeholder=\"All\" class=\"form-control\" style=\"width: 100%;\"/>\n      <span class=\"glyphicon glyphicon-remove-circle form-control-feedback\"><\/span>\n    <\/div>\n    <div style=\"display: none; position: absolute; width: 200px;\">\n      <div data-min=\"1924\" data-max=\"2014\"><\/div>\n      <span style=\"float: left;\"><\/span>\n      <span style=\"float: right;\"><\/span>\n    <\/div>\n  <\/td>\n  <td data-type=\"factor\" style=\"vertical-align: top;\">\n    <div class=\"form-group has-feedback\" style=\"margin-bottom: auto;\">\n      <input type=\"search\" placeholder=\"All\" class=\"form-control\" style=\"width: 100%;\"/>\n      <span class=\"glyphicon glyphicon-remove-circle form-control-feedback\"><\/span>\n    <\/div>\n    <div style=\"width: 100%; display: none;\">\n      <select multiple=\"multiple\" style=\"width: 100%;\" data-options=\"[&quot;Albertville&quot;,&quot;Calgary&quot;,&quot;Chamonix&quot;,&quot;Cortina d&#39;Ampezzo&quot;,&quot;Garmisch Partenkirchen&quot;,&quot;Grenoble&quot;,&quot;Innsbruck&quot;,&quot;Lake Placid&quot;,&quot;Lillehammer&quot;,&quot;Nagano&quot;,&quot;Oslo&quot;,&quot;Salt Lake City&quot;,&quot;Sapporo&quot;,&quot;Sarajevo&quot;,&quot;Sochi&quot;,&quot;Squaw Valley&quot;,&quot;St.Moritz&quot;,&quot;Turin&quot;,&quot;Vancouver&quot;]\"><\/select>\n    <\/div>\n  <\/td>\n  <td data-type=\"factor\" style=\"vertical-align: top;\">\n    <div class=\"form-group has-feedback\" style=\"margin-bottom: auto;\">\n      <input type=\"search\" placeholder=\"All\" class=\"form-control\" style=\"width: 100%;\"/>\n      <span class=\"glyphicon glyphicon-remove-circle form-control-feedback\"><\/span>\n    <\/div>\n    <div style=\"width: 100%; display: none;\">\n      <select multiple=\"multiple\" style=\"width: 100%;\" data-options=\"[&quot;AAS, Roald&quot;,&quot;ABRAMOVA, Yekaterina&quot;,&quot;ANDERSEN, Hjalmar&quot;,&quot;ANDERSEN, Terje&quot;,&quot;ANESI, Matteo&quot;,&quot;ANSCHUETZ THOMS, Daniela&quot;,&quot;ANSCHUTZ THOMS, Daniela&quot;,&quot;ASHWORTH, Jeanne&quot;,&quot;ASPLUND, Carl-Erik&quot;,&quot;AUCH, Susan&quot;,&quot;AUDLEY, Gordon&quot;,&quot;BÃâRJES, Hasse&quot;,&quot;BÃâRNER, Jacqueline&quot;,&quot;BÃâCKMAN, Kjell&quot;,&quot;BACHLEDA-CURUS, Katarzyna&quot;,&quot;BAIER-LOEF, Anke&quot;,&quot;BAJANOVA, Svetlana&quot;,&quot;BALLANGRUD, Ivar&quot;,&quot;BARTHELOMEW, Kenneth&quot;,&quot;BARYSHEVA, Varvara&quot;,&quot;BECKERT, Stephanie&quot;,&quot;BERGSMA, Jorrit&quot;,&quot;BLAIR, Bonnie&quot;,&quot;BLOKHUIJSEN, Jan&quot;,&quot;BODEN, Jens&quot;,&quot;BOER, Margot&quot;,&quot;BOKKO, Havard&quot;,&quot;BORCKINK, Annie&quot;,&quot;BOS, Jan&quot;,&quot;BOUCHER, Gaetan&quot;,&quot;BRODKA, Zbigniew&quot;,&quot;BROEKMAN, Cornelis&quot;,&quot;BYBERG, Thomas&quot;,&quot;CARPENTER, Kip&quot;,&quot;CHEEK, Joey&quot;,&quot;CLAESSON, GÃÂ¶ran&quot;,&quot;CZERWONKA, Natalia&quot;,&quot;DANKERS, Arne&quot;,&quot;DAVIS, Shani&quot;,&quot;DE BOER, Lieuwe&quot;,&quot;de JONG, Bob&quot;,&quot;DE JONG, Bob&quot;,&quot;DEELSTRA, Atje&quot;,&quot;DIDRIKSEN, JÃÂ¶rn&quot;,&quot;DISNEY, William&quot;,&quot;DONAGRANDI, Stefano&quot;,&quot;DOROFEYEV, Dmitry&quot;,&quot;ELM, Steven&quot;,&quot;ENGELSTAD, Kai Arne&quot;,&quot;ERICSSON, Sigvard&quot;,&quot;ERIKSEN, Ivar&quot;,&quot;EVENSEN, Bernt&quot;,&quot;FABRIS, Enrico&quot;,&quot;FARRELL, John O&quot;,&quot;FARSTAD, Sverre&quot;,&quot;FATKULINA, Olga&quot;,&quot;FEDOTKINA, Svetlana&quot;,&quot;FISH, Jennifer&quot;,&quot;FITZGERALD, Robert&quot;,&quot;FITZRANDOLPH, Casey&quot;,&quot;FLAIM, Eric&quot;,&quot;FREISINGER, Leo&quot;,&quot;FRIESINGER-POSTMA, Anna&quot;,&quot;FRIMAN, Jaakko&quot;,&quot;GARBRECHT-ENFELDT, Monique&quot;,&quot;GEIJSSEN, Carolina&quot;,&quot;GERRITSEN, Annette&quot;,&quot;GIROUX, Mathieu&quot;,&quot;GJESTVANG, Alv&quot;,&quot;GOLUBEV, Aleksandr&quot;,&quot;GRÃâNVOLD, Roar&quot;,&quot;GRAF, Olga&quot;,&quot;GROENEWOLD, Renate&quot;,&quot;GROOTHUIS, Stefan&quot;,&quot;GROVES, Kristina&quot;,&quot;GUSTAFSON, Tomas&quot;,&quot;HÃâGLIN, Johnny&quot;,&quot;HADSCHIEFF, Michael&quot;,&quot;HAN, Pil Hwa&quot;,&quot;HANSEN, Brian&quot;,&quot;HASHIMOTO, Seiko&quot;,&quot;HAUGEN, Villy&quot;,&quot;HAUGLI, Sverre&quot;,&quot;HEDLUND, GÃÂ¶the&quot;,&quot;HEDRICK, Chad&quot;,&quot;HEIDEN, Beth&quot;,&quot;HEIDEN, Eric&quot;,&quot;HELGESEN, Finn&quot;,&quot;HENNING, Anne&quot;,&quot;HENRY, Kenneth&quot;,&quot;HOLUM, Dianne&quot;,&quot;HORII, Manabu&quot;,&quot;HOZUMI, Masako&quot;,&quot;HUGHES, Clara&quot;,&quot;HUNYADY, Emese&quot;,&quot;HURD, Alexander&quot;,&quot;HUTTUNEN, Eevi&quot;,&quot;IMMERFALL, Daniel&quot;,&quot;INOUE, Junichi&quot;,&quot;JAFFEE, Irving&quot;,&quot;JANSEN, Daniel&quot;,&quot;JENSEN, BjÃÂ¶rg Eva&quot;,&quot;JEWTRAW, Charles&quot;,&quot;JOHANNESEN, Knut&quot;,&quot;JOHANSEN, Arne&quot;,&quot;JOO, Hyong Jun&quot;,&quot;KAISER, Christina&quot;,&quot;KARLSTAD, Geir&quot;,&quot;KATO, Joji&quot;,&quot;KEMKERS, Gerard&quot;,&quot;KIM, Cheol Min&quot;,&quot;KIM, Yoon-Man&quot;,&quot;KITAZAWA, Yoshihiro&quot;,&quot;KLASSEN, Cindy&quot;,&quot;KLEIBEUKER, Carien&quot;,&quot;KLEINE, Piet&quot;,&quot;KLEVCHENYA, Sergey&quot;,&quot;KODAIRA, Nao&quot;,&quot;KORSMO, Lisbeth&quot;,&quot;KOSS, Johann Olav&quot;,&quot;KRAMER, Sven&quot;,&quot;KROG, Georg&quot;,&quot;KUCK, Jonathan&quot;,&quot;KUIPERS, Simon&quot;,&quot;KUROIWA, Akira&quot;,&quot;KUROIWA, Toshiyuki&quot;,&quot;LAMMIO, Pentti&quot;,&quot;LARSEN, Roald&quot;,&quot;LEE, Kang Seok&quot;,&quot;LEE, Sang-Hwa&quot;,&quot;LEE, Sang Hwa&quot;,&quot;LEE, Seung-Hoon&quot;,&quot;LEE, Seung Hoon&quot;,&quot;LEENSTRA, Marrit&quot;,&quot;LEMAY DOAN, Catriona&quot;,&quot;LIAKLEV, Reidar&quot;,&quot;LIKHACHOVA, Galina&quot;,&quot;LOBYSHEVA, Yekaterina&quot;,&quot;LOGAN, William F.&quot;,&quot;LUDING, Christa&quot;,&quot;LUNDBERG, Odd&quot;,&quot;MAIER, Fred Anton&quot;,&quot;MAKOWSKY, Lucas&quot;,&quot;MARSICANO, Trevor&quot;,&quot;MATHISEN, Charles&quot;,&quot;MATTSCHERODT, Katrin&quot;,&quot;MCDERMOTT, Donald&quot;,&quot;MCDERMOTT, Richard&quot;,&quot;MEY, Uwe-Jens&quot;,&quot;MEYERS, Mary&quot;,&quot;MIYABE, Yukinori&quot;,&quot;MO, Tae-Bum&quot;,&quot;MOE, Per Ivar&quot;,&quot;MOEN, Sigurd&quot;,&quot;MORRISON, Denny&quot;,&quot;MUELLER, Leah&quot;,&quot;MUELLER, Peter&quot;,&quot;MULDER, Michel&quot;,&quot;MULDER, Ronald&quot;,&quot;MURPHY, Edward&quot;,&quot;MUSTONEN, Kaija&quot;,&quot;NAGASHIMA, Keiichiro&quot;,&quot;NESBITT, Christine&quot;,&quot;NIEDZWIEDZKI, Konrad&quot;,&quot;NIEMANN-STIRNEMANN, Gunda&quot;,&quot;NILSSON, Jonny&quot;,&quot;NOTTET, Petrus&quot;,&quot;OJALA, Antero&quot;,&quot;OKAZAKI, Tomomi&quot;,&quot;OLSEN, Oskar&quot;,&quot;OPITZ, Lucille&quot;,&quot;OVERLAND, Kevin&quot;,&quot;OXHOLM, Tom Erik&quot;,&quot;PARKER, Jason&quot;,&quot;PARKKINEN, Lauri&quot;,&quot;PARRA, Derek&quot;,&quot;PECHSTEIN, Claudia&quot;,&quot;PESMAN, Janis&quot;,&quot;PILEJCZYK, Helena&quot;,&quot;POSTMA, Ids&quot;,&quot;PRIESTNER, Cathy&quot;,&quot;PROKASHEVA, Lyudmila&quot;,&quot;RÃâNNING, Frode&quot;,&quot;REMPEL, Shannon&quot;,&quot;REN, Hui&quot;,&quot;RITSMA, Rintje&quot;,&quot;RODRIGUEZ, Jennifer&quot;,&quot;ROMME, Gianni&quot;,&quot;SABLIKOVA, Martina&quot;,&quot;SAETRE, Lasse&quot;,&quot;SALONEN, Toivo&quot;,&quot;SANDLER, Ãârjan&quot;,&quot;SANFRATELLO, Ippolito&quot;,&quot;SCHENK, Ard&quot;,&quot;SCHENK, Franziska&quot;,&quot;SCHUT, Johanna&quot;,&quot;SEROCZYNSKA, Elwira&quot;,&quot;SEYFFARTH, Ake&quot;,&quot;SHEA, John A.&quot;,&quot;SHIKHOVA, Yekaterina&quot;,&quot;SHIMIZU, Hiroyasu&quot;,&quot;SKOBREV, Ivan&quot;,&quot;SKOKOVA, Yuliya&quot;,&quot;SKUTNABB, Julius&quot;,&quot;SMEEKENS, Jan&quot;,&quot;SMIT, Gretha&quot;,&quot;SONDRAL, Adne&quot;,&quot;STACK, Frank&quot;,&quot;STENSEN, Sten&quot;,&quot;STENSHJEMMET, Kai Arne&quot;,&quot;STIEPL, Max&quot;,&quot;STORELID, Kjell&quot;,&quot;STORHOLT, Jan Egil&quot;,&quot;SZYMANSKI, Jan&quot;,&quot;TABATA, Maki&quot;,&quot;TER MORS, Jorien&quot;,&quot;THOMASSEN, Magne&quot;,&quot;THUNBERG, Clas&quot;,&quot;TIMMER, Marianne&quot;,&quot;TUITERT, Mark&quot;,&quot;UYTDEHAAGE, Jochem&quot;,&quot;van BEEK, Lotte&quot;,&quot;VAN DER VOORT, Willem&quot;,&quot;VAN GENNIP, Yvonne&quot;,&quot;VAN HELDEN, Hans&quot;,&quot;van RIESSEN, Laurine&quot;,&quot;VAN VELDE, Gerard&quot;,&quot;VELDKAMP, Bart&quot;,&quot;VERHEIJEN, Carl&quot;,&quot;VERKERK, Cornelis&quot;,&quot;VERWEIJ, Koen&quot;,&quot;VISSER, Adriana&quot;,&quot;VISSER, Leo&quot;,&quot;VOELKER, Sabine&quot;,&quot;VYSOKOVA, Svetlana&quot;,&quot;WANG, Beixing&quot;,&quot;WANG, Manli&quot;,&quot;WÃÅST, Ireen&quot;,&quot;WARNICKE, Heike&quot;,&quot;WARSYLEWICZ, Justin&quot;,&quot;WASENIUS, Birger&quot;,&quot;WENNEMARS, Erben&quot;,&quot;WITTY, Chris&quot;,&quot;WITTY, Christine&quot;,&quot;WOLF, Jenny&quot;,&quot;WOTHERSPOON, Jeremy&quot;,&quot;WOZNIAK, Katarzyna&quot;,&quot;WUST, Ireen&quot;,&quot;YAMAMOTO, Hiromi&quot;,&quot;YE, Qiaobo&quot;,&quot;YKEMA, Jan&quot;,&quot;YOUNG, Sheila&quot;,&quot;ZANDSTRA, Falko&quot;,&quot;ZHANG, Hong&quot;,&quot;ZHELEZOVSKY, Igor&quot;,&quot;ZHUROVA, Svetlana&quot;,&quot;ZINKE, Olaf&quot;,&quot;ZLOTKOWSKA, Luiza&quot;]\"><\/select>\n    <\/div>\n  <\/td>\n  <td data-type=\"factor\" style=\"vertical-align: top;\">\n    <div class=\"form-group has-feedback\" style=\"margin-bottom: auto;\">\n      <input type=\"search\" placeholder=\"All\" class=\"form-control\" style=\"width: 100%;\"/>\n      <span class=\"glyphicon glyphicon-remove-circle form-control-feedback\"><\/span>\n    <\/div>\n    <div style=\"width: 100%; display: none;\">\n      <select multiple=\"multiple\" style=\"width: 100%;\" data-options=\"[&quot;Men&quot;,&quot;Women&quot;]\"><\/select>\n    <\/div>\n  <\/td>\n  <td data-type=\"factor\" style=\"vertical-align: top;\">\n    <div class=\"form-group has-feedback\" style=\"margin-bottom: auto;\">\n      <input type=\"search\" placeholder=\"All\" class=\"form-control\" style=\"width: 100%;\"/>\n      <span class=\"glyphicon glyphicon-remove-circle form-control-feedback\"><\/span>\n    <\/div>\n    <div style=\"width: 100%; display: none;\">\n      <select multiple=\"multiple\" style=\"width: 100%;\" data-options=\"[&quot;10000M&quot;,&quot;1000M&quot;,&quot;1500M&quot;,&quot;3000M&quot;,&quot;5000M&quot;,&quot;500M&quot;,&quot;Combined (4 Events)&quot;,&quot;Team Pursuit&quot;]\"><\/select>\n    <\/div>\n  <\/td>\n  <td data-type=\"factor\" style=\"vertical-align: top;\">\n    <div class=\"form-group has-feedback\" style=\"margin-bottom: auto;\">\n      <input type=\"search\" placeholder=\"All\" class=\"form-control\" style=\"width: 100%;\"/>\n      <span class=\"glyphicon glyphicon-remove-circle form-control-feedback\"><\/span>\n    <\/div>\n    <div style=\"width: 100%; display: none;\">\n      <select multiple=\"multiple\" style=\"width: 100%;\" data-options=\"[&quot;Bronze&quot;,&quot;Gold&quot;,&quot;Silver&quot;]\"><\/select>\n    <\/div>\n  <\/td>\n  <td data-type=\"factor\" style=\"vertical-align: top;\">\n    <div class=\"form-group has-feedback\" style=\"margin-bottom: auto;\">\n      <input type=\"search\" placeholder=\"All\" class=\"form-control\" style=\"width: 100%;\"/>\n      <span class=\"glyphicon glyphicon-remove-circle form-control-feedback\"><\/span>\n    <\/div>\n    <div style=\"width: 100%; display: none;\">\n      <select multiple=\"multiple\" style=\"width: 100%;\" data-options=\"[&quot;Austria&quot;,&quot;Belarus&quot;,&quot;Belgium&quot;,&quot;Canada&quot;,&quot;China&quot;,&quot;Czech Republic&quot;,&quot;Finland&quot;,&quot;Germany&quot;,&quot;Italy&quot;,&quot;Japan&quot;,&quot;Kazakhstan&quot;,&quot;Korea, North&quot;,&quot;Korea, South&quot;,&quot;Netherlands&quot;,&quot;Norway&quot;,&quot;Poland&quot;,&quot;Russia&quot;,&quot;Sweden&quot;,&quot;United States&quot;]\"><\/select>\n    <\/div>\n  <\/td>\n<\/tr>","data":[[1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1924,1928,1928,1928,1928,1928,1928,1928,1928,1928,1928,1928,1932,1932,1932,1932,1932,1932,1932,1932,1932,1932,1932,1932,1936,1936,1936,1936,1936,1936,1936,1936,1936,1936,1936,1936,1948,1948,1948,1948,1948,1948,1948,1948,1948,1948,1948,1948,1948,1952,1952,1952,1952,1952,1952,1952,1952,1952,1952,1952,1952,1952,1956,1956,1956,1956,1956,1960,1960,1960,1960,1960,1960,1960,1960,1960,1960,1964,1964,1964,1964,1964,1964,1964,1964,1964,1964,1964,1964,1964,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1968,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1972,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1976,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1980,1984,1984,1984,1984,1984,1984,1984,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1988,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1992,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1994,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,1998,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2002,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2006,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2010,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014,2014],["Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","Chamonix","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","Garmisch Partenkirchen","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","St.Moritz","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Oslo","Cortina d'Ampezzo","Cortina d'Ampezzo","Cortina d'Ampezzo","Cortina d'Ampezzo","Cortina d'Ampezzo","Squaw Valley","Squaw Valley","Squaw Valley","Squaw Valley","Squaw Valley","Squaw Valley","Squaw Valley","Squaw Valley","Squaw Valley","Squaw Valley","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Grenoble","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Sapporo","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Innsbruck","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Lake Placid","Sarajevo","Sarajevo","Sarajevo","Sarajevo","Sarajevo","Sarajevo","Sarajevo","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Calgary","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Albertville","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Lillehammer","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Nagano","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Salt Lake City","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Turin","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Vancouver","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi","Sochi"],["THUNBERG, Clas","THUNBERG, Clas","THUNBERG, Clas","SKUTNABB, Julius","THUNBERG, Clas","THUNBERG, Clas","SKUTNABB, Julius","SKUTNABB, Julius","LARSEN, Roald","MOEN, Sigurd","LARSEN, Roald","OLSEN, Oskar","LARSEN, Roald","LARSEN, Roald","LARSEN, Roald","JEWTRAW, Charles","FRIMAN, Jaakko","SKUTNABB, Julius","THUNBERG, Clas","THUNBERG, Clas","BALLANGRUD, Ivar","EVENSEN, Bernt","LARSEN, Roald","BALLANGRUD, Ivar","EVENSEN, Bernt","EVENSEN, Bernt","FARRELL, John O","LOGAN, William F.","HURD, Alexander","STACK, Frank","HURD, Alexander","LOGAN, William F.","EVENSEN, Bernt","BALLANGRUD, Ivar","SHEA, John A.","SHEA, John A.","JAFFEE, Irving","JAFFEE, Irving","MURPHY, Edward","STIEPL, Max","OJALA, Antero","WASENIUS, Birger","WASENIUS, Birger","WASENIUS, Birger","BALLANGRUD, Ivar","BALLANGRUD, Ivar","KROG, Georg","MATHISEN, Charles","BALLANGRUD, Ivar","BALLANGRUD, Ivar","FREISINGER, Leo","PARKKINEN, Lauri","LAMMIO, Pentti","LUNDBERG, Odd","HELGESEN, Finn","LIAKLEV, Reidar","LUNDBERG, Odd","FARSTAD, Sverre","BYBERG, Thomas","HEDLUND, GÃ¶the","SEYFFARTH, Ake","SEYFFARTH, Ake","FITZGERALD, Robert","BARTHELOMEW, Kenneth","AUDLEY, Gordon","BROEKMAN, Cornelis","BROEKMAN, Cornelis","VAN DER VOORT, Willem","HAUGLI, Sverre","JOHANSEN, Arne","ANDERSEN, Hjalmar","ANDERSEN, Hjalmar","AAS, Roald","ANDERSEN, Hjalmar","ASPLUND, Carl-Erik","HENRY, Kenneth","MCDERMOTT, Donald","SALONEN, Toivo","GJESTVANG, Alv","JOHANNESEN, Knut","ERICSSON, Sigvard","ERICSSON, Sigvard","HUTTUNEN, Eevi","PESMAN, Janis","AAS, Roald","JOHANNESEN, Knut","JOHANNESEN, Knut","SEROCZYNSKA, Elwira","PILEJCZYK, Helena","BÃCKMAN, Kjell","ASHWORTH, Jeanne","DISNEY, William","MUSTONEN, Kaija","MUSTONEN, Kaija","VERKERK, Cornelis","HAUGEN, Villy","GJESTVANG, Alv","MOE, Per Ivar","JOHANNESEN, Knut","MAIER, Fred Anton","JOHANNESEN, Knut","MAIER, Fred Anton","HAN, Pil Hwa","NILSSON, Jonny","MCDERMOTT, Richard","MUSTONEN, Kaija","MUSTONEN, Kaija","GEIJSSEN, Carolina","GEIJSSEN, Carolina","KAISER, Christina","VERKERK, Cornelis","VERKERK, Cornelis","SCHENK, Ard","NOTTET, Petrus","SCHUT, Johanna","KAISER, Christina","ERIKSEN, Ivar","MAIER, Fred Anton","MAIER, Fred Anton","THOMASSEN, Magne","HÃGLIN, Johnny","SANDLER, Ãrjan","HOLUM, Dianne","MEYERS, Mary","MCDERMOTT, Richard","FISH, Jennifer","HOLUM, Dianne","SCHENK, Ard","KAISER, Christina","SCHENK, Ard","SCHENK, Ard","VERKERK, Cornelis","KAISER, Christina","DEELSTRA, Atje","DEELSTRA, Atje","DEELSTRA, Atje","STENSEN, Sten","GRÃNVOLD, Roar","STENSEN, Sten","GRÃNVOLD, Roar","CLAESSON, GÃ¶ran","BÃRJES, Hasse","HENNING, Anne","HOLUM, Dianne","HOLUM, Dianne","HENNING, Anne","PRIESTNER, Cathy","VAN HELDEN, Hans","VAN HELDEN, Hans","KLEINE, Piet","KLEINE, Piet","VAN HELDEN, Hans","STORHOLT, Jan Egil","DIDRIKSEN, JÃ¶rn","STENSEN, Sten","KORSMO, Lisbeth","STENSEN, Sten","YOUNG, Sheila","MUELLER, Leah","YOUNG, Sheila","YOUNG, Sheila","MUELLER, Peter","IMMERFALL, Daniel","BOUCHER, Gaetan","KLEINE, Piet","VISSER, Adriana","BORCKINK, Annie","DE BOER, Lieuwe","ANDERSEN, Terje","STENSHJEMMET, Kai Arne","OXHOLM, Tom Erik","RÃNNING, Frode","JENSEN, BjÃ¶rg Eva","STENSHJEMMET, Kai Arne","OXHOLM, Tom Erik","HEIDEN, Eric","HEIDEN, Eric","HEIDEN, Beth","MUELLER, Leah","HEIDEN, Eric","HEIDEN, Eric","MUELLER, Leah","HEIDEN, Eric","BOUCHER, Gaetan","BOUCHER, Gaetan","BOUCHER, Gaetan","KITAZAWA, Yoshihiro","ENGELSTAD, Kai Arne","GUSTAFSON, Tomas","GUSTAFSON, Tomas","HADSCHIEFF, Michael","HADSCHIEFF, Michael","KUROIWA, Akira","VAN GENNIP, Yvonne","VAN GENNIP, Yvonne","VISSER, Leo","VAN GENNIP, Yvonne","KEMKERS, Gerard","VISSER, Leo","YKEMA, Jan","GUSTAFSON, Tomas","GUSTAFSON, Tomas","FLAIM, Eric","BLAIR, Bonnie","BLAIR, Bonnie","HUNYADY, Emese","YE, Qiaobo","YE, Qiaobo","ZINKE, Olaf","MEY, Uwe-Jens","WARNICKE, Heike","NIEMANN-STIRNEMANN, Gunda","BÃRNER, Jacqueline","LUDING, Christa","GARBRECHT-ENFELDT, Monique","PECHSTEIN, Claudia","NIEMANN-STIRNEMANN, Gunda","WARNICKE, Heike","NIEMANN-STIRNEMANN, Gunda","MIYABE, Yukinori","HASHIMOTO, Seiko","KUROIWA, Toshiyuki","INOUE, Junichi","KIM, Yoon-Man","VELDKAMP, Bart","VISSER, Leo","VISSER, Leo","ZANDSTRA, Falko","KARLSTAD, Geir","KARLSTAD, Geir","SONDRAL, Adne","KOSS, Johann Olav","KOSS, Johann Olav","BLAIR, Bonnie","BLAIR, Bonnie","HUNYADY, Emese","HUNYADY, Emese","ZHELEZOVSKY, Igor","AUCH, Susan","YE, Qiaobo","PECHSTEIN, Claudia","SCHENK, Franziska","NIEMANN-STIRNEMANN, Gunda","BAIER-LOEF, Anke","PECHSTEIN, Claudia","NIEMANN-STIRNEMANN, Gunda","HORII, Manabu","YAMAMOTO, Hiromi","RITSMA, Rintje","RITSMA, Rintje","VELDKAMP, Bart","ZANDSTRA, Falko","STORELID, Kjell","KOSS, Johann Olav","STORELID, Kjell","KOSS, Johann Olav","KOSS, Johann Olav","FEDOTKINA, Svetlana","KLEVCHENYA, Sergey","BAJANOVA, Svetlana","KLEVCHENYA, Sergey","GOLUBEV, Aleksandr","BLAIR, Bonnie","JANSEN, Daniel","BLAIR, Bonnie","VELDKAMP, Bart","LEMAY DOAN, Catriona","OVERLAND, Kevin","LEMAY DOAN, Catriona","AUCH, Susan","WOTHERSPOON, Jeremy","NIEMANN-STIRNEMANN, Gunda","PECHSTEIN, Claudia","NIEMANN-STIRNEMANN, Gunda","PECHSTEIN, Claudia","NIEMANN-STIRNEMANN, Gunda","FRIESINGER-POSTMA, Anna","OKAZAKI, Tomomi","SHIMIZU, Hiroyasu","SHIMIZU, Hiroyasu","PROKASHEVA, Lyudmila","RITSMA, Rintje","BOS, Jan","POSTMA, Ids","TIMMER, Marianne","RITSMA, Rintje","TIMMER, Marianne","ROMME, Gianni","POSTMA, Ids","de JONG, Bob","ROMME, Gianni","RITSMA, Rintje","SONDRAL, Adne","WITTY, Christine","WITTY, Christine","HUGHES, Clara","LEMAY DOAN, Catriona","KLASSEN, Cindy","VOELKER, Sabine","VOELKER, Sabine","PECHSTEIN, Claudia","FRIESINGER-POSTMA, Anna","BODEN, Jens","VOELKER, Sabine","GARBRECHT-ENFELDT, Monique","PECHSTEIN, Claudia","SHIMIZU, Hiroyasu","VAN VELDE, Gerard","BOS, Jan","SMIT, Gretha","UYTDEHAAGE, Jochem","ROMME, Gianni","UYTDEHAAGE, Jochem","GROENEWOLD, Renate","UYTDEHAAGE, Jochem","SAETRE, Lasse","SONDRAL, Adne","WITTY, Chris","PARRA, Derek","RODRIGUEZ, Jennifer","RODRIGUEZ, Jennifer","CHEEK, Joey","PARRA, Derek","FITZRANDOLPH, Casey","CARPENTER, Kip","ELM, Steven","REMPEL, Shannon","GROVES, Kristina","WARSYLEWICZ, Justin","KLASSEN, Cindy","GROVES, Kristina","PARKER, Jason","KLASSEN, Cindy","MORRISON, Denny","KLASSEN, Cindy","HUGHES, Clara","KLASSEN, Cindy","DANKERS, Arne","KLASSEN, Cindy","NESBITT, Christine","HUGHES, Clara","WANG, Manli","REN, Hui","FRIESINGER-POSTMA, Anna","ANSCHUETZ THOMS, Daniela","PECHSTEIN, Claudia","OPITZ, Lucille","VOELKER, Sabine","FRIESINGER-POSTMA, Anna","PECHSTEIN, Claudia","SANFRATELLO, Ippolito","FABRIS, Enrico","ANESI, Matteo","FABRIS, Enrico","DONAGRANDI, Stefano","FABRIS, Enrico","LEE, Kang Seok","TIMMER, Marianne","WENNEMARS, Erben","de JONG, Bob","VERHEIJEN, Carl","VERHEIJEN, Carl","TUITERT, Mark","WUST, Ireen","RITSMA, Rintje","KRAMER, Sven","WENNEMARS, Erben","GROENEWOLD, Renate","WUST, Ireen","KRAMER, Sven","LOBYSHEVA, Yekaterina","VYSOKOVA, Svetlana","ABRAMOVA, Yekaterina","BARYSHEVA, Varvara","LIKHACHOVA, Galina","DOROFEYEV, Dmitry","ZHUROVA, Svetlana","DAVIS, Shani","HEDRICK, Chad","DAVIS, Shani","CHEEK, Joey","HEDRICK, Chad","CHEEK, Joey","HEDRICK, Chad","NESBITT, Christine","GROVES, Kristina","GROVES, Kristina","MORRISON, Denny","HUGHES, Clara","GIROUX, Mathieu","MAKOWSKY, Lucas","WANG, Beixing","SABLIKOVA, Martina","SABLIKOVA, Martina","SABLIKOVA, Martina","MATTSCHERODT, Katrin","FRIESINGER-POSTMA, Anna","BECKERT, Stephanie","ANSCHUTZ THOMS, Daniela","WOLF, Jenny","BECKERT, Stephanie","BECKERT, Stephanie","KATO, Joji","TABATA, Maki","KODAIRA, Nao","HOZUMI, Masako","NAGASHIMA, Keiichiro","LEE, Seung-Hoon","MO, Tae-Bum","MO, Tae-Bum","LEE, Seung-Hoon","LEE, Sang-Hwa","de JONG, Bob","GERRITSEN, Annette","van RIESSEN, Laurine","KUIPERS, Simon","KRAMER, Sven","TUITERT, Mark","BLOKHUIJSEN, Jan","WUST, Ireen","TUITERT, Mark","KRAMER, Sven","BOKKO, Havard","BACHLEDA-CURUS, Katarzyna","WOZNIAK, Katarzyna","ZLOTKOWSKA, Luiza","SKOBREV, Ivan","SKOBREV, Ivan","MARSICANO, Trevor","DAVIS, Shani","HEDRICK, Chad","KUCK, Jonathan","HEDRICK, Chad","HANSEN, Brian","DAVIS, Shani","MORRISON, Denny","MORRISON, Denny","ZHANG, Hong","SABLIKOVA, Martina","SABLIKOVA, Martina","LEE, Seung Hoon","LEE, Sang Hwa","JOO, Hyong Jun","KIM, Cheol Min","WÃST, Ireen","KRAMER, Sven","VERWEIJ, Koen","SMEEKENS, Jan","LEENSTRA, Marrit","van BEEK, Lotte","GROOTHUIS, Stefan","BOER, Margot","BOER, Margot","MULDER, Ronald","TER MORS, Jorien","BLOKHUIJSEN, Jan","MULDER, Michel","KLEIBEUKER, Carien","MULDER, Michel","van BEEK, Lotte","DE JONG, Bob","BERGSMA, Jorrit","WÃST, Ireen","KRAMER, Sven","BLOKHUIJSEN, Jan","TER MORS, Jorien","KRAMER, Sven","WÃST, Ireen","VERWEIJ, Koen","BERGSMA, Jorrit","WÃST, Ireen","WÃST, Ireen","NIEDZWIEDZKI, Konrad","SZYMANSKI, Jan","ZLOTKOWSKA, Luiza","WOZNIAK, Katarzyna","BRODKA, Zbigniew","CZERWONKA, Natalia","BRODKA, Zbigniew","BACHLEDA-CURUS, Katarzyna","LOBYSHEVA, Yekaterina","FATKULINA, Olga","SKOKOVA, Yuliya","GRAF, Olga","GRAF, Olga","SHIKHOVA, Yekaterina"],["Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Women","Men","Women","Men","Women","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Women","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Women","Women","Women","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Men","Women","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Women","Men","Men","Women","Men","Women","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Men","Women","Women","Men","Women","Men","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women","Women"],["5000M","Combined (4 Events)","500M","10000M","1500M","10000M","Combined (4 Events)","5000M","1500M","1500M","10000M","500M","5000M","500M","Combined (4 Events)","500M","500M","5000M","1500M","500M","1500M","500M","500M","5000M","5000M","1500M","500M","1500M","500M","10000M","1500M","5000M","500M","10000M","1500M","500M","10000M","5000M","5000M","10000M","5000M","5000M","1500M","10000M","500M","1500M","500M","1500M","5000M","10000M","500M","10000M","10000M","1500M","500M","5000M","5000M","1500M","500M","5000M","1500M","10000M","500M","500M","500M","10000M","5000M","1500M","5000M","500M","5000M","1500M","1500M","10000M","10000M","500M","500M","1500M","500M","10000M","5000M","10000M","3000M","5000M","1500M","10000M","5000M","1500M","1500M","10000M","500M","500M","1500M","1000M","1500M","1500M","500M","5000M","5000M","10000M","10000M","5000M","3000M","10000M","500M","1500M","3000M","1000M","1500M","3000M","5000M","1500M","1500M","5000M","3000M","1500M","1500M","10000M","5000M","500M","10000M","10000M","1000M","500M","500M","500M","500M","10000M","3000M","1500M","5000M","10000M","1500M","1000M","1500M","3000M","10000M","5000M","5000M","1500M","1500M","500M","1000M","1500M","3000M","500M","500M","1500M","10000M","5000M","10000M","5000M","1500M","1000M","10000M","3000M","5000M","1000M","1000M","500M","1500M","1000M","500M","1000M","10000M","1500M","1500M","500M","1500M","5000M","5000M","1000M","3000M","1500M","10000M","500M","5000M","3000M","1000M","1500M","1000M","500M","10000M","500M","1500M","1000M","500M","1000M","5000M","10000M","1500M","10000M","500M","5000M","3000M","5000M","1500M","5000M","10000M","500M","10000M","5000M","1500M","500M","1000M","3000M","1000M","500M","1000M","500M","5000M","5000M","1500M","500M","1000M","5000M","3000M","3000M","1500M","1000M","1500M","500M","500M","1000M","10000M","1500M","5000M","5000M","5000M","10000M","1500M","1500M","10000M","1000M","500M","1500M","3000M","1000M","500M","1000M","3000M","500M","1500M","1000M","5000M","5000M","500M","5000M","5000M","1500M","10000M","1500M","10000M","10000M","5000M","1500M","5000M","1500M","1000M","3000M","500M","500M","500M","1000M","1000M","5000M","1000M","500M","500M","500M","500M","5000M","5000M","3000M","3000M","1500M","3000M","500M","500M","1000M","5000M","10000M","1000M","1500M","1000M","5000M","1500M","5000M","1000M","10000M","10000M","1500M","1500M","1500M","1000M","5000M","500M","3000M","1000M","1500M","3000M","1500M","5000M","500M","500M","5000M","500M","1000M","1000M","5000M","1500M","10000M","10000M","3000M","5000M","10000M","1500M","1000M","1500M","1500M","1000M","1000M","5000M","500M","500M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","1500M","Team Pursuit","1000M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","3000M","Team Pursuit","1500M","5000M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","5000M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","500M","500M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","1000M","5000M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","5000M","Team Pursuit","1500M","500M","1000M","1000M","10000M","Team Pursuit","10000M","Team Pursuit","3000M","Team Pursuit","5000M","Team Pursuit","3000M","1500M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","500M","500M","1000M","10000M","1500M","500M","5000M","1000M","1500M","1000M","3000M","1500M","Team Pursuit","5000M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","500M","1500M","3000M","5000M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","500M","3000M","5000M","500M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","500M","10000M","1000M","500M","5000M","500M","10000M","1000M","1000M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","1500M","1500M","5000M","1500M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","10000M","5000M","Team Pursuit","1000M","1000M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","1500M","1500M","1000M","1000M","5000M","3000M","Team Pursuit","500M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","1500M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","500M","Team Pursuit","1500M","1000M","500M","1000M","500M","1500M","Team Pursuit","1000M","5000M","500M","Team Pursuit","10000M","10000M","1000M","5000M","5000M","Team Pursuit","10000M","5000M","1500M","5000M","Team Pursuit","3000M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","1500M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit","500M","Team Pursuit","3000M","Team Pursuit","Team Pursuit"],["Gold","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Gold","Gold","Gold","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Silver","Silver","Gold","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Silver","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Gold","Gold","Silver","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Gold","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Silver","Silver","Gold","Gold","Gold","Gold","Silver","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Silver","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Gold","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Gold","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Gold","Gold","Silver","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Silver","Gold","Gold","Gold","Silver","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Silver","Gold","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Silver","Gold","Gold","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Silver","Silver","Silver","Gold","Gold","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Gold","Silver","Gold","Gold","Gold","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Silver","Gold","Silver","Silver","Silver","Silver","Gold","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Silver","Silver","Silver","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Gold","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Gold","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Gold","Silver","Silver","Gold","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Gold","Gold","Gold","Gold","Silver","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Silver","Silver","Gold","Silver","Gold","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Gold","Silver","Silver","Gold","Silver","Silver","Silver","Gold","Gold","Silver","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Gold","Silver","Gold","Silver","Gold","Silver","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Gold","Gold","Bronze","Bronze","Silver","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Gold","Silver","Bronze","Silver","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze","Bronze"],["Finland","Finland","Finland","Finland","Finland","Finland","Finland","Finland","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","United States","Finland","Finland","Finland","Finland","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","United States","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Norway","Norway","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","Austria","Finland","Finland","Finland","Finland","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","United States","Finland","Finland","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Sweden","Sweden","Sweden","United States","United States","Canada","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Sweden","United States","United States","Finland","Norway","Norway","Sweden","Sweden","Finland","Netherlands","Norway","Norway","Norway","Poland","Poland","Sweden","United States","United States","Finland","Finland","Netherlands","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Korea, North","Sweden","United States","Finland","Finland","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Sweden","Sweden","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Sweden","Sweden","United States","United States","United States","United States","Canada","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","Canada","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","Canada","Canada","Canada","Japan","Norway","Sweden","Sweden","Austria","Austria","Japan","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Sweden","Sweden","United States","United States","United States","Austria","China","China","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Japan","Japan","Japan","Japan","Korea, South","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","United States","United States","Austria","Austria","Belarus","Canada","China","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Japan","Japan","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Norway","Russia","Russia","Russia","Russia","Russia","United States","United States","United States","Belgium","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Japan","Japan","Japan","Kazakhstan","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Norway","United States","United States","Canada","Canada","Canada","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Japan","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Norway","Norway","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","China","China","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Italy","Italy","Italy","Italy","Italy","Italy","Korea, South","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Russia","Russia","Russia","Russia","Russia","Russia","Russia","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","Canada","China","Czech Republic","Czech Republic","Czech Republic","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Germany","Japan","Japan","Japan","Japan","Japan","Korea, South","Korea, South","Korea, South","Korea, South","Korea, South","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Norway","Poland","Poland","Poland","Russia","Russia","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","United States","Canada","Canada","China","Czech Republic","Czech Republic","Korea, South","Korea, South","Korea, South","Korea, South","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Netherlands","Poland","Poland","Poland","Poland","Poland","Poland","Poland","Poland","Russia","Russia","Russia","Russia","Russia","Russia"]],"container":"<table class=\"display\">\n  <thead>\n    <tr>\n      <th>Year<\/th>\n      <th>City<\/th>\n      <th>Athlete<\/th>\n      <th>Gender<\/th>\n      <th>Event<\/th>\n      <th>Medal<\/th>\n      <th>Nationality<\/th>\n    <\/tr>\n  <\/thead>\n<\/table>","options":{"language":{"sSearch":"Filter:"},"columnDefs":[{"className":"dt-right","targets":0}],"order":[],"autoWidth":false,"orderClasses":false,"orderCellsTop":true},"selection":{"mode":"multiple","selected":null,"target":"row"}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
